Hi, my name is Eric, and I'm
a Service Canada employee.
You may have heard the old saying
that when you're out of work, finding
a job is your full-time occupation.
Well, there's a lot of truth to that.
Finding a job does take time and effort.
But don't get discouraged,
there are a number of online tools
and programs available
to help you find a job.
No matter what you're looking for,
there are many websites where employers
post job notices looking for people
to fill vacant positions.
One of these sites is called Job Bank.
It's updated every day and lists job
opportunities that are
available across the country.
Since the job ads on Job Bank are updated
daily, you should check them regularly,
and you can search for jobs
posted in the last 48 hours.
On Job Bank, you can also advertise your
skills and even ask them to send you
emails when jobs that match your
search criteria are posted.
If you're thinking about working
in the public sector, jobs.
Gc.
Ca is the official website for Government
of Canada listings open to the public.
Keep in mind that some departments,
like the Canada Revenue Agency and Parks
Canada, post jobs on their own sites too.
When you apply for jobs,
potential employers might ask you to send
them your resume and covering letter.
Of course, you want to make a good first
impression on any potential employer.
Here we can help too.
Check out our online resume
builder on the Job Bank website.
It can show you how to create a first
class resume by giving you tips
and different layout options.
And if you're not sure which jobs you'd
like to apply for,
check out our career navigator tool
to explore occupations that you
might be interested in.
As well,
career counselors are usually available
through your provincial or
territorial government to help out.
At Service Canada,
we're people, serving people.